mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="##JOBCOUNT##"

ac_add_options --disable-dbus
ac_add_options --disable-necko-wifi
ac_add_options --disable-libnotify
ac_add_options --disable-gstreamer
ac_add_options --disable-pulseaudio
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-debug

ac_add_options --enable-calendar
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --enable-application=mail
ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --enable-timeline
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png